# A raw unchanged copy of all of the transcripts

# Week One

# Week two
The greetings are AI overlords, okay, right? Day two, Lesson two, suppose what we all day two of the Apocalypse, speaking currently AI Overlord, Mark and Noah, the AI Underlord, the AI Underlord, right? So remember, did we remember some of what we were doing last week? So, have you good, right? You've got that, right? So what we remember to do? Let's find out what our working tree looks like. Clear, yes, find out what our working our working thing looks like by doing what status, what's happening? There nothing to commit, yeah, so mine isn't I'm going to do, yeah, let's not worry about that for now, right? So what we are going to do is you are going to log on to github.com First of all, are you not? And if you log into GitHub and you go to your So, if you come out of the So, if you go to like the go here, right? Let's go to home. Yes, it's go to home, right? So you can create your own repository, which I would like you to do. I think we're gonna learn how to do that today. So what are you doing there? That's not as a project, a project, something different project is no, you're right here. Look, so look, you can just go new there. So we're gonna create a new repository, a new repo under your account. That's it. We're gonna call it. No, we're going to call it, because what I think we should do, what we were going to do, was set up a D of E skills lock. Should we do that? Should we create a repository? Yeah, so it kind of, I mean, you can do if you want. Yeah, that's absolutely fine. There's some of its name, right? So we don't make it we make it private, because it's private to us. And right? So there's a couple of little things we're just going to go through. Keeping good, all right, always good. Oh no, you just always okay, no problem. It's no problem, right? So we can learn a bit more about this so, so you can probably just do it from here. Can you Git ignore right? So let's get started by creating a new Git ignore file, right? So Git ignore file, we won't in a lot of detail here. Git ignore files are so if you have any files on your in your local folder, you don't want to be made part of the repository, then you add, you add like pass file matching passes that gets ignored. Don't worry about it. For now, we can worry about that in a minute. So what we're doing at the moment is we're going to add our log as a, as a, as markdown files, right? And we had a quick look about Mark hand faster and what they were, yes, like way of writing documents, text, basic way of writing formatted documents in tech, a text editor that makes I'll show you an example of what they were. In fact, let me just open up twice a change. Really link it to this. This repositories. Yeah, you definitely do. Yes, we'll do that in a second. Give me one sec. Let's find a mark down file. This one will do no, this one won't. There's nothing in it. Okay? So here's a here's some fact. Let's find a better mark down file. Switch branches to main on this. Oh no, there's a problem going on. Something's going wrong. Never mind. Let's worry about that later. Right? Let's have a look at this, right? So if I go to just gonna pull down all of the commits I made, please clean it my workspace. I'm getting doing some screens. That's weirdness. Doing some this is quite cool. Research, transcription, anxiety inducing a massive time, like an exam room, right? So it's a really cool thing that I love with my friends. You just gone to CMD. You say you just type in tree, because you're listening the files. And you think, remember how to interrupt the programme on the on the command line. You control C, yeah, that's what it does. File that's not in the slightest bit annoying, right? Okay, so what I'd like to see, what are we doing? Why we right? So here we're gonna clone that replay back to clone a replay. I think GitHub. That's not annoying at all right, which one go to github.com, all right, so you're right. So were you in your repo here? Where's the thing? Where it says code, go, click on that. Click on that. All right, actually, in actual fact, there is nothing in that repo. So what I want you to do is create a read me.md, file. Okay, so you can go and do this. Click on that. All right, that's it. Just click, commit, changes, Create, Read me.md, right? So this is a markdown file. Look, see how before, if you look at the source, I can't remember where you do this. Edit, read me, look at the source code of this hash, fuzzy adventure for keeping a log, right? So you, I'm going to leave it to you to learn how to write mark down. You can see how that's become a heading, level one heading, if it had two hashes in front of l2, Heading two and so on. You can do bullet points, you can do paragraphs, you can do bold italics. I will leave it to you when we get to the kind of Markdown is like a basic skill that you have to learn as a software engineer has to do. It's really easy, really easy. It's just like, quite often you might find I, often I just write notes. Now, in mark down, I don't use Word or anything like that. Just write notes in Markdown. Just what people, yeah, so you can do things. You can put them into GitHub. It's really, you know, it's kind of, and, you know, lots of different systems, you know, are able to read and display Mark downs. Just to basically, a great, simple invention for for building that, I will leave it to chat, GPT or another AI model to do, to tell you how to do, to help tell you how to do. What's it called. That's right. Mark down, right? So we'll give you this. We'll give you a, a, you know, for the benefit of the tape, make him a quick guide to mark down to help him learn it. Right? Fine. We're all good, right? So let's move on. So where's the how do you clone this? So you run this file here, go back to the read me. Sorry, not the read me sorry to give to go to the to the repo. That's it, right now you can now you've got a file in there. You can clone things, yeah, go into there and copy the URL, right? So now, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, before you do anything, go back into your terminal. Back into your terminal, right? What folder are we in? We are in yours. Yeah. So right, move up a level. How do you do that? Remember, how do you move up a folder that into the parent folder of that? Change directory. So change the working directory, CD. Oh, yeah. And what do you do now? Slash, nope. How do you move up? Remember? Yes, one more No. Doc refers to the current directory. Doctor refers to its parents, right? So in here you're going to do you're going to claim the repo you've created, right? Go on. What do you do? Remember, so you have to load the repo. How do you first command is to clone the repo. So how do you do that? Through cloning repo with Git. What would we do? Get clear kit space, clone and then what would we paste in here? URL, what is on our How do you paste in the terminal? No control. See no enter his copy, not piece. It's very confusing. Git play. You're used to all of this, right, right. Click, oh yeah. You can change your terminal so you setting so it does all sorts of things, right? There you go, cloning into Photos. Now, if you go, LS, what does LS, do? List, list, right? Do? Ls, what folders have you got? There you go, your new one. Right. Yep, right. So do to change the directory to what? CD? Fuzzy adventure, right? So you need to type it all stop. There you go. Beautiful. Well done. That was nice. Yeah. So when you get used to this, you kind of just type and, like people create these crazy, like setups in the terminal, like, where you just type A and it stands or something, right? So now we're in here. Do ls for me here, right? What have you got in there? Read me. Don't read me, yeah, that's right. That's it. So actually, what you will find in there is, there is a secret hidden folder called Get the details of the Git repo has to have a whole history of all of the entire Git repo copy to your left machine. That's how it works. That's how it knows what things have changed. It does a comparison. It knows like how to, you know, it knows even there's no visible files, it was all sort of hidden. And that's how Git works, right? So you've done that, so now you've got this. So what? What's I tell you what we're going to do so you could, if you wanted to. Now, we could use the command line to make a new folder. So how do you do that? Remember, no, no, that's creating that as the text editor, isn't it? What's the how do you make a direct make a new directory? Remember, MK make the IR for directory and then give it a new name. What's the name you're gonna give it? Test? Test, well, let's make a proper one. Let's make a real one. Go backspace. Backspace, right? Let's call this one. So this is where you're going to create your logs. So let's just write the word logs then, yeah, okay, right. So, and that's good, right? So you know, if you do ls, now, what do you think you're gonna get read me in logs? Yeah, to commit it to me, right? So, well, actually, funnily enough, you can't commit it to the main branch because there are actually no changes folder without anything in it. It's just, it's not so you actually have to. You have to do something to make it so, in fact, what you can do, what you do, actually, I'm gonna do this for you. Just quicker you go, sorry, you guys, I'm gonna go, touch logs, slash, dot get keep all this. I mean, you don't need to learn how to do, essentially, to touch, just creates a blank file or updates the file that's got the file. So now these two status, yep. So what you got? Logs. Them added to the main branch. Yeah. There you go. You see right some logs. So go now just stage everything. So git add, or git stage, Git stage. What's the stage? Well, get and remove our just basic get adding. It's not star, it's Dot. Dot matches all files and this, so you made it basically dot means stage everything in the current folder. So now check your status and Git. Okay, so now you've got a new file there, haven't you? So wait changes to be committed. These staged, yes, they are right, good. Stick commit. Can I just do git con? Oh yeah, that's kind of programming to determine it stands to get sub commands again. No, you don't need to do that. So get commit, opens up Nano. You type a message, added log. So you go add log, added so you describe what you did. Added, added logs. Folder, logs, logs, perfect, right? What do you do now? Shift Control X, yeah, which control x exits, and you go save modified buffer, yes. What's the name? And then change the file name of the git commit message right before you do remember I told you there was a dot get for hidden dot get folder editing if you're writing file called commit message, edit message there in the hidden folders. How git knows what to do. Press enter, done, right. So now what's missing from this? If you go to GitHub, will it be there? Do you remember? No refresh? So what you've done is you have created a commit on your local machine enough to go to the problem. So now what you've got to do is you've got to push it up to GitHub, Git, push, hit, push. Very good. Push. Do it. There you go. So let's have a quick look what it did. Listen. Numeracy means like listing, counting the objects. There's five objects, some sort of nonsense about compression. It's done some compression so that it sends, you know, don't worry about you understand compression science. It's written 348, bytes and a some other gibberish. And here you go. That means the difference. Oh, yeah, maths, exactly, yeah, yeah, well done, yeah, it's very good. Yeah, there's time, yeah, exactly, yeah. So github.com, no. Read through fuzzy adventure dot Git, and what it says here is, this is the, this is the, what's called a commit hash, which is just, it's just saying we've gone from this commit to this commit on Main right. Really simple. So you down to do reload. So you've got single empty find, and they're called Git key. Basically is empty, just a way of making git not ignore an empty folder, right? Said, simple, right. Okay. So what we could do is we could go and get our the email that we sent yesterday, that I sent you last week. We all transcript and paste it into nano. What a pain in the butt. Let's download cursor instead and make this. Start to start to do this. Start to do this. Well, right? How are we getting on with our time 10 minutes, 19 minutes after 10 minutes and breakfast before we continue? Well, no, we can't, because good to go into Gmail. I'm gonna copy your email. You're gonna download curse, just notes. It's not it's not chat. GPT is not cursor. They're two different just cursor, cursor, Stanley cursor isn't owned by church beauty, so we're gonna download it for Windows. Is your Windows machine, obviously. And then once, once that downloads is finished, once that's downloaded, we're going to open the file. It's not exactly, it's not exactly it's not interacting with the name. Oh, it really is. It really is. Hi, now I'm clearing your fingerprints. I can you do accept the agreement, right? Wait, wait, wait, actually, it's yes, that's what we're going to do. It's all good. Yeah, hold on. What's this? Before you do anything else, puts it back. Don't worry about that. Okay, put it back, right? So I would register cursor in there for the supported file types. Take that off. Sometimes it can interfere. It's been right off, you go instal and let's watch, wait for the magic to happen, right? So cursor is Visual Studio code. But this the company that owns cursor did where they created a fork. It's called fork. So Visual Studio code is, I can replicate fork, yeah, when you have some answers, but you edit it yourself, amazing. So Visual Studio code is a Microsoft product. It's the best idea. Is correct, well done. It's the best one. It's, you know, excellent everybody in Washington, computer science. It's all good. It's all good. It's just basic programme. It's not post, post stuff. It's programme. It's the same thing. This is why you saw good to my folder, soft work. Wait for this. Save. Okay. They data packs, yeah, this is like Minecraft, yes. Is what I used to this is why. Just, I have all these here now, but I used to have crazy functions do stuff, right? So, downloads, I think, still going right. So, so to Visual Studio, code is amazing, right? Cursor was a fork of it, and what they think people who built cursor did was they were probably the first to build a really powerful AI code. AI integrated asking chatgpt to make some crude I'll show you in minutes. There's a few differences. So one is that this is so you can do that, but this curses will just be starting already. Patient, I think there's on the one machine. Yeah, it might be an idea. Anyway, cursor, starting. This is cursor. It looks very similar to Visual Studio. Code looks a bit different, right? So what you're going to do is you're going to sign up, yes, you have to sign up to and you're going to get a free licence for a bit. Log in with your I with your GitHub account. That's quite a good idea. So GitHub, authorised cursor, authentication. Okay, so I'm Wait, wait, wait, wait, I can't press it continue if I don't do it to really learn to sort of at least vaguely read what is you're doing, because you might not agree. It might be like sending me loads of marketing, but it's just reading your your own code so it can use it. Okay, that's good. Okay. So, yep. So yes, log in, right? So now here you go. So what we're gonna do? So I don't think we need to do any of these things, right? So open, yeah, instal that so you can do cursor from the terminal. That's fine. Just continue if you can. Don't worry. All right. So, right. Wait, sick, what are we doing, right? So I would go for an IDE layer rather than the agent layout. Do you want to do? Like, yes, it helps you what you have. I mean, I have, I mean, you can change these things, you know, I have, like, some light things. I got so bored of everything being dark and gloomy, like I was some sort of Goth. But anyway, so this is cursor. Here you go, just a 16 was like, just this is you just need to press Continue, right? So this is face, this is cursor, right? So what we're doing here is we are going to open effect. What we're going to do first is we're going to instal an extension. Okay, an extension. We're going to where's the extensions in this extensions file? Maybe search for absolute extension? No, it doesn't matter that anymore. Selection for you go for you might find that it's on the actually. See what do you write? So here, right? Just quickly, while we're here, go to terminal and go new terminal, right? Watch what happens. What's that that's just popped up here? That is a it's a terminal. It's a terminal, same way as same thing as you this, this, yeah, all right, so actually, you don't make sure you have get installed in your Yes, yes. Stop bothering me. Cursor. Get rid of it. Try. I don't know if you Yes. This is Windows power. So let's try and get status if Git is in its sweet time, isn't it? Why? Yeah, there you go. Look it. This is not installed. Git is not installed. I wonder if you have, if you can create on the Windows WsL, right. So here you go, yeah. So the windows subsystems is actually the extension I wanted to do. So it's spotted that to hit instal, go for it, right? The same. It's the same. Lots helping you let the colour text in with the nice stuff. Yeah. So well, so it means that you can open a repository in this so look. So let's we've done all of this. Why don't we start going? It's really annoying. Same commands apply here. Where are we when you open up? Remember what? I guess is now your home directory, right? Tilda, home means your home directory. Now then, what happens? Right? Do LS for me here, okay, right? Projects. Change directory into projects. What's it called? It's my thing called fuzzy adventure. Yeah, go straight into that CD. Fuzzy. You get used to it working on the terminal is that's not there as it's inside the Projects folder. If you remember CDP, just tab, tab, tab, there's any one thing begin with p right now you can do you can do both. You could do both in one you could go exactly. There's only 1f in there as you could just press, how you do it, right? Anyway. So now, yes, you do this, right? So that's where you are in the folder, right? What we're doing here. Look, why is logs blue, and that's fine, exactly. So here, right? You're not open. You haven't opened a folder in cursor yet. So we're just working the terminal. It's kind of different if you do this actually, this is not in WsL yet. Let me just want to launch it. I do want to launch it. Oh, timer, time to time. Why you slapping me? Are you intensive? Right? Okay, I.

Road. Okay, we're back. This is Mark and this is Noah timer, right? Let's go so, so now we've got cursor open. What we need to do is open the folder that cursor is in. So the folder is in, you can play around, do whatever you like. So go into your terminal window. For me. That's it, right. Now, let's see. So what we're going to do is just create a new to create a new terminal here, right? Good, right. Can you type the word cursor and then see what happens? See if that's right. Great. Okay, now, pretty good, isn't it? So now installing cursor here, doo doo, doo doo, doo doo, 1.05 metres per second, right? So this is now, unfortunately, your instal cursor in WsL, whatever. It's fine, very fast. But the last, yeah, it seems to be of slow to a crawls zero kilobytes per second. He's got, what's your internet connection? Like a lot of things open, haven't you? Here? Speed Test. Oh, that's top I know it's not very, quite, very quick ETS. It's got an ETA, something you must be doing something way too long to do this, isn't it, right? It's come out of it. Let's just stick it to do again. Let's see what happens. Sometimes things just get a bit stuck, don't they, so that's better now. So now we're going to finish all of that in no time at all. The computers about to, like, there's too many, too many tabs open. Yeah, I just shot some tabs down because the RAM is gonna like crash from the bridge. Echoes of you from the bridge says to be saved. Frankie, always speaking, gone, right, that'll do that with everything. I mean, the fact you've got about 50 million chrome you should this. It also like 10 million more. So let's not do that, right? Yeah, right. So here we are. Wait. So we close all the cursor windows down. We're gonna show you how to launch cursor in a better vibe code reway, right? So what we're going to do is, from the terminal projects fuzzy, so in fact, actually, you don't need to change your working directory into that directory. Just do cursor, and say cursor, we're going to tell it to open. We're going to turn it to open cursor in that directory. Okay, there we go. That was nice. That's cool, right? So now, new agent. Now look at what's going on now. So look this explorer thing here is where we want to, is where we can explore the file system, right now, this, what do you think that does such? It's, yeah, it's actually a search in your code base, in your Reid, in your local copy for replay. This is your is get, right? So here we are working in you can see, gets AI stuff, and this is AI stuff, right? So, yeah. So, yeah, so, right. So you can have a play with that later on. Yes, at your leisure. Can I just write stuff? I mean, okay, she control inside control inside, control things inside the trees? It can do all, all of that, all right. So here we go, right. So why don't you? So what we're gonna do is we're gonna try and get a mark down version of your, of your last week's log that we did. So when go to your email and you can copy all of the text that that's a team and GitHub. Yeah, cool. So you've now got access to GitHub. This is basically the purpose of today's lesson, is to get right here you go, just mum, as if mom's gonna read it. No, we wanted to just see everyone tell us to show so, you know, once we do a new flash, we do a folder for the logs. Now, new file for each for each level. Yeah, well, we've got, we've got a folder for the logs, Haven't we already? Yes, that's a new file. That's a new folder for Sims in you've just opened up. Get keep there. Can I keep there in a sec. Yeah, yeah, let's do it in a sec. Alright, so you're out of so you do that, right? So we create some, what we're gonna call this one, when you know, give it a date. So in order to write a date, one.md, sorry, we could do one. Or you could do that changes when you change to like, different, like if I did like Mark dot. Jason, this is yeah, yep. So we're gonna do Mark Yes, exactly yes. That's right. So you do a mark and create mark down file. So if I were you, if I were doing this, I would call it, I would give it, I use the dates. So what I would do, but dates when you normally write, if you want them sort properly in data order, you have to start with a year, and then you could do that. What was the when did we do it last? 1716, right? So, yeah, 16, sixteen.md, okay, that's what we did, right? Go for it. Well, that's quite cool, isn't it? So paste it in. See what it looks like. No, yeah, go on then Week One. Week one. Yeah, big one look, yeah, sure. What happened? What's going on here? What do you think is going on here? Save this, then just save it all. Right? So what's happened? So when we say one was we created this mark down file, and we're in this sort of editor mode. If you right click on it here, you can open it inside, so do preview, right? So this one gives you all the blocks. It's quite good. We've lost all the formatting. Why do you think that is because it's a basic text file. Yes, exactly. Alright. So let's what we're gonna do is our first we're gonna have our first go at using an AI system. Open it up, full screen. Your cursors, you need these things full screen. And when you're you know in your much better off, you've got quite a big screen, which is so what you what I mean when I use cursor, I, you know, I do on my monitor, usually, usually full screen, because much more real estate to play around with, right? So, in here, right? So you can turn this thing on and off by doing that, right? Since that symbol there, Ctrl, okay, right, fine. All right. And so what this is, this is just like a chat window, a bit like in chat, GPT, right? Let me show you around this thing. So this built off Microsoft scope. I then Microsoft, nope. This is built on so Microsoft copilot and this are sort of competitors. This one is probably better at the moment. Certainly started out a lot better. So what you've got here is three things, right? One is switching between three different modes, right to the code, exactly. Plan is super cool. It's basically doing really complicated things. The you have the AI make a plan that you can review, and then you go, just right, execute, ask, just like, just like, chat, GPT to tell me about these things, right? So let's Yeah, so you, let's say, if I just say, so I can ask it about my thing, yeah, after I was in here, yeah, go for it. Okay, so I tell you what, before you do two bullet points in two some ways, the most important things, yeah, no, I learned how the names. Yeah, it's fine. It's all good. In week one, is that file saved? I think so. So what the agent is able, it's what they, what they, what it's trying to do now is it now understand now it's now like looking in your in your in the repo, and it's now able to do all of this stuff, right? So that's pretty cool, isn't it? So let's get it to actually do something. It's really good on our behalf. I don't know why I'm doing this, right? So down here, change it into agent mode. Go into agent mode here, right? So agent mode. As you rightly pointed out, we don't have to do a new, new channel. So if you, if you keep the old chat, we don't have to. But look, so just, let me just show you what would happen if you keep the old chat. If this is in a chat window, all of this goes into the context, yeah, change chat GPT. And what this, what the what cursor is able to do is it has access to what are called a load of tools. And tools are the things that it that is allowed to do, to access stuff in your workspace here, right? So it has tools that allow it to search and to read files and to edit files, okay? And so basically, it, effectively, it has access to the terminal. It can do whatever it wants. It's scary. It's very scary, exactly. I'm glad you pointed that out, because, yes, you saw in the terminal. If I do, let's imagine if I do rmrf, what do you think that's going to do? It's going to delete everything. If I hit enter, then boom, all right, so you could do, so it can do all of this sort of stuff. So there's some really, there's some really, there's some really scary things you can do having a whole assistant who just does, yeah, right. So we've moved into agent mode, right? Yeah, now then. So what I don't like about this? And fortunately for us, I knew this was gonna happen into using an agent I would rather like think you know, why don't you say to this? So I pasted, paste it in, right? So before you do, before you do it, right inside the file says the file, because it's, well, hold on. You can say the file. But what I'd really like you to do is, I would like you to set the context for that it's going to use, watch what happens when I do this. So it just said, right, this is the thing I'm talking about. This is the file. Again, talking about so you could also this. Okay, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Before you do that, you can also do and then you can navigate the files, right? So you've got, you know, you can, so if I did to look at, so I can, you know, I can pick to see what I mean, right? So it's now, I'm just now saying, referring to something. What you can also do is you could edit. You could grab a few lines like this and drag that across, and it says, and it has the line numbers to see what I mean, so it knows where. So you're basically setting the context all the time. Yeah, I don't know if this may not. Don't worry about this for now, for now, but that's what you can do to say, right? So now you say this file. So when you say, I faced this file in from a programme, but it's lost all the formatting. Can you can you format? Can you give me nice mark down formatting, formatting however you want, prompting with whatever you want, a readable mark down five. Yeah, exactly, good. All right. Now, watch what it does. Here we go. Now we're five coding, yeah. All right, let's watch, look, perform reform, actually mark down far from it? Or does it just a good question, very good question. Look what it's doing here. Look, it's going to go through and do all of this, right? And so in a minute, you've made asked a very, very, very good question, watch what is going to happen in a minute, in cursor, they're doing its work, right? This white does just the preview, isn't it previous, seeing what it looks like. I mean, yeah, this game is quite a big document. Got a lot of work to do, right? So don't touch anything. This is a diff. Yes, good boy, excellent. This is the cursor diff, right? This is not a git diff, just Git doesn't know about this change yet, but what this is doing is it's saying, Oh, look, this is pretty cool, right? So it's kind of made 84 changes. It's told, it's summarised what it's done. So you read, when you do this, you go, Look, I've reformatted the Markdown file for readability. Proper headings, markdown lists, code blocks, structure, emphasis, he's bold, blah, blah, blah. It's really good. The files now easy to read and navigate. Proper markdown formatting throughout the sounds great. Thanks. Curses. What has it done here? It has made changes, yeah. So it's basically, it's yeah. So when in the diff a removal and an ad, so if you change a line, it's minus one, yeah, plus one, yeah, right. So you added that, so that's basically, yeah. So it's actually, you know, so it's reformatted stuff, right? So here we go. So this is quite good, isn't it? So done it. So what you're going to do? So you can say, here, right? You can hit the review, boy, already reviewing it because it's open. You can say keep, or you can say, No, I don't like what you did. Undo. So I think we can. I re prompt it. Yeah, you can. So when you pick keep for now and see what look and there you go, right. So now we've got this right. So why don't we now? Why don't we now push this to commit and push this without going through the command line? Yes, you can open this. You can go. So look, there's a few more menu items, right? Terminal, new terminal. You always have a terminal going right. So you could do this if you wanted through, through what? Tell me what you'll do before we do get status, right. Okay, yeah, right. Now, then what's going on, right? So look. So it says here, untrack files, right? So what we're gonna do this is your access to get here, click on that. So what have you got untracked files, right? You can't commit yet, but you have, gosh, because you haven't stayed stationing. Get to you. Is an untracked file, right? This is like, what does that say? Files you So, right. So what do you think we say you can do it through command line, and this will show or you you can press the plus button, stage changes, discard, changes, open the file. So what do you want to do right now? Again, should be green then right. So that's good, isn't it? So now you can write your commit message up here if you want. I can get activity. Oh, you can do this. See what this does, right? Add a detailed log for week one of D, of E, skills, covering Git, GitHub, Ws will turn more basics, types, right? So that's pretty good. That's a pretty good message, isn't it? No, they wait. Why git commit? I mean, it's much better. It's much more vibes. If you did, yeah, terminal. But anyway, and now, what do you think that does if you push correct or pull and push? I don't do that one for that one. Yeah, that's all right. It's up to you. Now that should be on my right so words, just doing it, still working right, commit. There you go. Period, run git fetch, yes, yeah, he probably did, yeah. Someone else making changes to be making. If you go into GitHub now and I go home, ready? Well, you've seen to go into venture log for week one skill, yes, they go, that's the thing. Three commits now. So again, to have a look at this right, open up your markdown file beautifully. Yes, formatted. Pretty amazing, pretty amazing. So now you've got cursor up and running, and you've got a weeks, two weeks free trial, I think, and then we're going to you're going to use it you need to, well, first the thing you're going to do is, I'm just going to email you the the log, and you can go and put the log in a week to log, and you can show it to Mr. Q, yes, for your progress reports. So now you've got right so now you can see basically what the workflow is around, you know, around, you know. So we've just, we've just done the marketing, we've created some documents, basically here. We haven't written any code, but that's okay. You can understand, right, how this all works, right? So, so and in your What's this thing called fuzzy adventure repo. What I think we should do is all well and good this being markdown files and GitHub, that's very useful, but actually it would be quite cool, would it not if we were to build a simple app, web app, yeah, and that can to build a simple web app that will allow us to keep all of your logs and refer to them, and we'll be able to access them through a web browser. So I was thinking, maybe that could be our first simple app. Now, I reckon that app we could build together in four of these sessions, right? And in that app, what we're going to do me, you and cursor are going to build this all right so, and we're going to start it today, but we've got, if you can play around with all of this stuff, your job, your homework, is to get that next log into here for to show to Mr. Q tomorrow, right? Have you got any idea of that main app we're going to build for the main project? You know, I'd like you to think about that. But I would once want to build this simple thing over the next four weeks, and we're just going to talk, while we're still on here, about the architecture of that. Yeah, right. So, and we're going to create a, yeah, it's going to be amazing, right? So what we are gonna need, if a company's about website, it's not like, nice, you know? I mean, if you click it animations, yeah, it's gonna be good, right? So what we're gonna do, so what this web app is going to do was talk about what it has, what we want it to do, what we want to be able to do, I think, is to take a transcript of a chat like these, rough transcripts, in fact, more than one of them, and upload them to our app, right? And then we want to be able to do is ask the app to use chat GPT, a chat GPT model, to then create a log for us like this, straight into the application and store it in a in a database. We're going to create a relational database with some with some with a database and database software called Postgres, and we are then going to build an API over the top of that database, so HTTP API, so that we make those features available over over the internet or over a network, and then we are going to build a web app using TypeScript and react that is going to be able to interact with our API. Our API is going to interact with our database, and we will have built what is called a three tier web application. So that's a very sort of standard architecture. And we're going to secure, secure it so that you log in. We're going to use a product called public public app. It will be on the internet. Now we're going to deploy this to a server that which we are going to provision and run. And my job, my homework in the next week, is to get that server. It must be just work, not have like servers that you can Yeah, can you use the work servers to one next they belong to work like it's another, like random PC lying about, oh, yeah, but we're not doing random PCs with our with the listener. We're going to use a company called the hosting company, called hetner and Hetzner. Are they offer? They offer service for rent, for like, 10 euros a month. I need one anyway, I'm gonna set one up for this, for all of my, all of my in theory, completely theoretically, if I it's a professional this shot, this thing down here. But can I have more than one, like tripping at one time? Well, you have more than one cursor, your uncle? Yeah. Well, you know, you you would open a new cursor window, okay, yeah. But normally, work in one repo, in cursor, yeah. Okay, so that's what we're going to do, whether what. So we're going to take this and we're going to work in this repo to build our apps this, maybe a new folder, and then we can do, like, a sort of notes page for what we want this app to do, like starting up a new New Folder. Well, yeah, so we can do so, we can do that. Yes, we could do all of that. But let's not forget reason why. One of the reasons we've just talked about this is because that is going to give us the notes. Yeah, we've just so, so we're going to ask this with transcripts. In a minute we're gonna say, right? Give me the plan for what we want, and you could do it in there. And what you can also do is you can then add your own notes and build this up folders. Can this create a folder for me? Yeah, yeah. But I mean, it's creating a folder is pretty easy, though, right? And so you can get it through everything for you can get it. You can say to it, I completely forgot they had to do get it's gotten it wrong all the get commands, yes, you can make that change, right? So you make some correction. So, so this will tell you what. This thing will always get it wrong, right? So, so, so llms will always get it wrong. Okay, so if you want to undo your changes, okay, so keep the changes there, right? So look, you made. You've now modified this in order to uncheck keep the changes. One of the great things about oh no, I've just saved it, right? One of the great things about it is, remember, Git keeps a history of everything. I don't really like that. Discard changes right before you push you. Why do you click my laptop like that, discard the file, right? So no changes anymore. Why do you click my laptop? Thing works? Doesn't seem to work to me, right? How are we going on for time? On the have, I think, six minutes, all right? So we know what we're doing now. We're not going to start another one. We've done an hour of this, but you've got, like, more time to go. You've got to your job is to get this transcript next week's log into here. It shouldn't take you long. This week's log into, it shouldn't take you so long. And we'll get a so if I get summary logs, Mike at the file, am I making a file in logs? Yeah. Okay. So if I do 2025 Yeah. Dash 11, yeah. Dash 23 Yeah. Three, dot. Mark down, down. Very good. There you go. And then I can just do week two, yeah, I'm keep performing the same. So week two log, yeah. And if I preview hashtag so hashes, that's not gonna look if you go preview now, before you do it show, let me show you doesn't understand that, because it's not, that's not a heading, it's always a space after in that too, because a preview will already, yes, it takes for some reason, it's nice, right? Then you can do that and see I'm going to send you the put it into chat. GPT to give us a summary clearly that, can you send me the raw thing? Like.

Yeah, so Noah just asked whether, so I'm going to paste, give him all these, send him all of these transcripts, and so we need to turn them into a log. And Noah just asked whether he should do that in cursor or and how he should do it now, I think he should do it in cursor rather than doing in chat. GPT, so he was just asking what you're asking about, whether you're doing agent mode or ask mode. Agent, because you can interact with the file, whereas ask read files. Yeah, but ask on Ask doesn't change. I tasted the raw things they want you sent me. I could say, Yeah, create turn this or add this, yeah, summarise it briefly in the same format as this. For Yes, I could paste and copy this, yeah, into here. Yes, you could do that. Or you could using this format. Yeah, using this format, I say you go update week two, and then I could say, Mike, say, paste this into preview 11 or not, pieces into 2025, 23 well, so you don't, so you don't so you don't need to go and paste it. So what I would do, if I were you right, is I would just create a new file here on the on the in the roots, called, like, transcript. Lock in here. Yeah, just any anywhere. You put it anywhere, delete it anyway, right? So you just click transcripts.md, dot, text, txt. It's not gonna be a markdown file. We don't care about that be anything. There you go. You're gonna paste in the transcripts one after the other. You're not gonna care about you're gonna be jumbled up. Who cares? Great, this sort of thing. And you're gonna ask it to fill in my week two. You could just basically say based on my week, week one log unchanged, copy of the transcripts. So you can just do which gonna so you're gonna in your in agent mode, you can just, you'll probably, probably do an amazing job if you just say you need to pay to you don't, probably don't need to give it files or anything, because it's like, knows what you're talking about. It will find it. You will just say, fill in my week two log from my trend, from the transcript, based on, based on, you know, make it the similar to my week one in the same format. Yeah, that's all you're gonna do, and it will do an amazing job. Okay, yeah, so let's call that down, and it's only the transcripts once the thing is done, right, I'll push these changes, because.

Another great question, Noah asked me, how often he should commit and so, so let's think about this, right? So you are, at the moment, you're working on your own. You're a sort of solo developer, right? So you're not working with anyone else. So you know you don't need to share your work with someone else. So if you wanted to share your work with another engineer, you would be committing when you wanted to share it, right? So you kind of commit and push and and then, you know, then other people can take what you've done and incorporate it in what they're doing, and you're working together, right? So, so you would do it for that reason. You would also do it because you want to, you want to, you'd also, you'd also do this because you want to save your work, get it off your local machine, right? If you lose your laptop, or someone Nicks your laptop, or you delete something accidentally, it's gone forever, right? If it's in if it's on GitHub, then you can pull it back down again, see, just by a bit like so you know how to commit. These changes are not committing. Well, why do you think that is they want to commit? Where she? Where did you? Where did you commit from the terminal? Okay, so in here, it will not commit until you give it message. See, so, so you can be lazy. Yeah, we too. Log entry for ongoing documentation. Do you like that message? Ongoing? How do I stop the committing right now? Because it's trying, it's trying to still commit. Where is the tell you what you've got this waiting for this file, right? There you go. It's just waiting for that file to be, yeah, okay, happy with that. It's quite good because it like it again, yes, so it's quite because it's just doing it here is, is super easy, but actually doing it here is just kind of you want. It's great. So it's great to get used to to working in the terminal, because the terminal, you just do it anywhere on the GitHub servers. Yeah, we're hosting off a server. You can run it in your writers. Don't you hosting? Can you host? Can you host, like, web apps inside of GitHub, those where host websites. How do you host? How do you how do you, if you see that's like, copy the link into the browser, retime. How do you host? How do you, like, test your website, your web based apps. We do it locally. I'll show you that next week. So basically, you run a web server on your local machine, easy to do, and then when you go into your browser, the address you get is local host, right? And then there's usually a port number 3000 whatever it might be. And this is your that's the address of your local web server. And then what this this makes it uses something called port forwarding to make all of this work. Okay, all right, so that's pretty good, right? So I'll send you these things when they are sometimes it takes a while for the things to cook. I'll send it to you. Go and have breakfast, take your computer. All right. Good session. Well done. Great questions and great learning. Amazin

# Week 3

Okay, right. Let's start lesson number three, three and four, three and four, three and four. Okay, so, all right, what's going on here? It's loading. Why is it loading? Takes a while to load. Open up little terminal. It's loading, trust. Open up the terminal. What happened here? Tell me what's come wrong. Connection, server. There's no service. Connection. Reid window, are you? Comes up with this action? Close that. Thank you. Right. Start it from there. So So change into the right working directory. Yeah, okay, right. Open it up. No, right. How do you type the command? What command prompts do you use here? What programme you opening? Casa, right. Go on then, sorry. What do I type? Yeah. Cursor, right now. Space. Now, you see, you always get to go too far ahead, don't you? Cursor, and then we are opening it where in the current working directory. So what are we going to practice when we do No, no, that moves up a directory. What does.do what stop.to references to parent directory. What does.do what does.do it's in the one What does top to? We've got references the parent directory. What does.do what References The smaller the current directory, yeah, say, right. So what's doing? This? Did that when I am when I opened it in school, there's no connection. Let me see if I find the same thing here some Casa servers. Okay, so sorry, Casa servers might be updating or down or update available opportunity. Cursor update, push updates about every five minutes. Anyway, right now I did not have that problem, right see what's okay. So just you've got to close this down. Close this down. Oh, hold on. Wait. I think it's because in a different open the wrong I open the temporary. Could you know I'm doing No. Would you mind just, I don't really have time for, for, for all of this. You would listen to me. Okay, that's fine. Okay, we're gonna restart your computer. Okay? It's just the easiest way to do it all right. Now you have to do it right now, I'm just trying to shut me down. I you Yeah, okay, right. Let's come over here. Please. Let's we're going to learn about today what we're going to look at our package managers, right? So what we've done is we've installed software like, we've installed the terminal, we've installed, like WsL, so that we've got, like, a Linux operating system running in our lap and inside Windows, we've installed get, we've been, we've got, we've got Visual Studio code or cursor running, and we've been playing around with, like, getting all of that stuff done. Could you set a timer for like, 20 minutes, please? Yeah. So these are the things that this is to that that's kind of five so you can now, like, use your in your IDE curse, and you can do stuff that you can, you know, create documents that write code and do all of that kind of stuff. And asking you need an away kit as well home at 20 something. Yeah, right. And so these, these, so we need to these that, so you can now create, so could you before you Yeah, so you open the terminal. Now your computer's rebooted, please. Okay, change into the move into the the project arch. You just gotta wait for a second. Takes a while for for this to open up. All right, okay. Now okay, now open cursor in there. That's it, right, good, all right, so let's just see what happens in a minute. So we've learned how to do all of that stuff we are, by the way, listen with this. This what you need to do is, when you're when stuff stops working and that weird stuff happens, just restart the computer, right? It's like the easiest way to fix anything, right? So let's just reboot the computer. And now you've got to curse, run cursor again to to open, open Casper again, you don't need to retype it. You can just press Up arrow key. Then that cycles. Arrow Key cycle through the the the commands that are in the in the buffer. Okay, all right. So, right, moving through this. So, what we're going to so we've got all of that. So you can write code, right? You can push it into GitHub, you can, you can share it with others, right? All of that kind of stuff. Everything's fine, correct, yeah. And is there anything else we've been through so far that you can remember the things here, okay, but just, I mean, just, all right, so what we now need to do is you've got to basically so and you've what you've done as well as you have. You've installed Python into your project as well, haven't you, and you've now got, and you wrote some Python scripts, you've got cursor to build you a calculator, and it built your calculator. It was all good. But actually, what you've also done is you've installed some Python packages as well. Presumably, haven't you like it? Yeah, exactly, some kind of UI thing, right as well. So what you've done, then, when you've done that, is you've used a package manager. I think Python very well. I just used it my terminal. I just paste it. What did you do? I asked this. I said, I said, Yeah. I asked her anymore. Ask us, how do I instal Python onto Python sequence onto this and paste this into your terminal. Yeah, paste it into it. All in, yeah, okay, all right, so that's fine. So you and then, like all likelihood, he used the package manager to do it. So what? Or it used the package managers to do it. So what we're going to do now? And there you go. They were sure your your great calculator app. I mean, how easy was it to build that quite sophisticated programme? Not, not hard at all. I mean, you find it. Yeah. Mini right. Close that down. It's all well, it's all good. Did you push that to get I think so I did. Yeah. I will go into well, hold on. You can go into there. That will show you the Git. So you can do it in the command line, right? So you branches up to date. That's great, but you can also do it there, right? You can see that there's nothing, no untracked files, no changes that need to be staged. There's nothing that is that is committed, that hasn't been pushed, all that stuff, right? So we're all good. So you now have this. So what you could have done, by the way, just so that you remember, is the cursor can actually run it has access. So we can run all these commands on your behalf. So you can, if you run it in agent mode, and you set give it permission to operate in that folder, it will just do its own thing for you, and it will run all of those commands. Very, very, very slightly dodgy, because there are loads of ways. There are loads of ways, yeah, terminal gives you a lot of control. I mean, one of the nice things about actually running in in WsL is it kind of limits. It a little bit, not massively anyway, right? So you use the package manager to do this in Python. But what we're going to do is we're going to build going to build an app in TypeScript. We're going to build up a web app in TypeScript. And so what we're going to need to do there is we're going to need to instal all of this, all of the software that we need to run all of this stuff, right? And so you are going to go and do it in you're going to, what we're going to do is we are going to do is we are going to, we are going to scaffold a this repo to run in as a TypeScript one. So the idea of scaffold is called term scaffolding is basically means just, it's just a, you know, a term that people use in software engineering. To me, set up an empty, set up a project, so that it's kind of just ready to start, like, developing, right? So it doesn't have any kind of, you know, it doesn't have any, you know, any sort of, anything particularly, you know, it just sets up like, it takes an empty, empty project, and it sets it up so that you can start work, right? So gets everything ready, so that, and that's kind of what you did when you said, How do I instal TK into Python? You're sort of scaffolding this Python projects, right? But we go a bit further. So what you will need to do here, let's go into cursor. Let's start a new a new window in cursor, not a new window, sorry, a new chat, right? So close down the other chat, right? So what you are going to do as part of your homework is, I'm going to set you some tasks, and you are going to copy, we're going to keep the chat window open in cursor, and we're going to use that as part of our notes. Okay, so we need a whole chat, including all the things that you prompted it to do, and all of the responses it made, and we're gonna, we're gonna, then we're gonna just basically chuck that in with the transcripts, and we're gonna, you know, produce notes off the back of that what you did about what we discussed, and what you did, all right? Is that all clear? Right? And so you can spend, like, an hour after this doing bits and pieces like that, right? Good. Okay, so now we've got this new chat window, right? So what I want you to do now is I would like you, so let's have clever, quick chat about package managers now, right? So let's have a look about the role and importance of packet manage package managers. So this is they are a software tool that automates the process of installing, updating, configuring and removing software packages for a project or system. And so they manage this. These, like lots of they bring in, like libraries, like in your TK. So do we need some of this for our projects or web based app? We need some of those? Yes, what you put, what you're going to do. And so, actually, so what we what, what what Typescript and JavaScript projects there is. There are a couple of package managers here available for this, for this, for this platform, and one of them is called the main the sort of original one is called NPM, which stands for node package manager, right? And so this is the default package manage for JavaScript runtime environment, no JS. And it's the largest single, largest single language code repository in the world. And so what you do is you create, look, here's some commands you do. There are some commands like NPM instal, right? Which you give it the name of a package that you want to instal, and it will instal into your local directory, okay? And then you can do things like NPM publish, which you build your own package, and you can push that into a package repository. There are some. There are some better ones. And the one that we are going to use, so NPM is a bit, you know, it's slow, and it's, you know, kind of insecure, and it's not very efficient, right? What we are going to use is P NPM, all right. So in this kind of makes life a bit easier, and, you know, it's just a bit better, right? So what you are going to do is you're going to write some instructions to cursor, and you are going to say to cursor, no, you're not going to say instal. You're going to get take, create a really, sort of wide ranging prompt here for cursor, and you are going to say something like, scaffold, a new React type script, a new reactor, slash TypeScript, web application, right? I'm going to give you loads of instructions here, and we're going to say, I want you to use, I want you to use React and tailwind. One word tailwind, and what else are we going to say? And I want you to use pnpm as the package manager. I Right? It's using pmpm. I've got scuffle a new React scaffold, a new React type, script application, yeah, packing manager. So what else do we want in here? We want, we want to be able to, we want to have scripts for to put in here scripts for dev lint. And I n t so dev basically allows you to run the programme and play with it on your local machine. Lint checks the formatting of your type script to make sure that it's that it's, you know, well written to write type scripts. Yeah, you are going to learn to write it. You're going to do it the different way to how people have done it in the past, which is, you are going to get you're going to use cursing to teach you how to do okay. And we are going to, what else are we going to do? We're going to go and do as we've got dev scripts, a lint scripts. We want a test script. One word, test, no, a test. Test scripts. We've got scripts for dev, lint, test and in brackets here, I want you to you to put use, beat, V, i, t, e, and what else we got? Dev, lint, test and build and build and build, yep, okay, what else is this thing gonna do? So I'll start a new paragraph. Don't hit enter, just do Shift Enter, depending on how you've got this set up. But the so we're going to what do we want this thing to do? So just, it's a scaffolded app, which means it's kind of empty, yeah, but we may as well get it to give us a, you know, something, so we could just do a Hello World for now. Hello World, exactly, yeah, exactly, or whatever, just as a test. Or actually, you could delete that, and you could say, just build me a simple calculator. Okay, all right. And so what you go anywhere, it's going to test apply. Hold on. It wants me to, yeah, so, right, what? What in Kirsty you have got, what? So you've got, what mode are you running in? Agent goodie, you'll be needing that and you're on the model you've chosen is auto. That will be fine. So you could switch that off and choose a different model. Yeah, here, if you've got a list of models, but you know, you can use auto for now, that's fine until you you know, in fact, actually doing what let's use, let's use a cutting edge model. They go and select Opus 4.5 for the free thing. And my camera, you can, you should be able to do your Opus. 4.5 is the new model from anthropic, which is the sort of high end coding model for, for from anthropic at the moment, and like so there's been a couple of big announcements in this space in the last couple of weeks. One is like Gemini 3.1 which is like, which is a very, very good model. It's leapfrog chat, GPT five and as has Opus as well. So do you value? You've got loads of credits left on all of these things, so you can just use that. That's fine. So these ones cost loads more money, yeah, okay, but you've got a subscription within which you can, you can spend up to that limit before you run out credits. Basically, you won't run out of credits. I don't think okay, depending on how much we do. Yeah, exactly, right. So you've got all of that, right? So we've done we've got something here, right? What are we going to do with the Python thing that's in there at the moment? This is sort of muddying the waters a bit, isn't it? Okay? What? Well, I see what? Why don't you say, Why don't you say, move the existing Python code into a new Oh, we actually got it in there. I've had a new folder here. And, no, no, you do, don't. You don't need to let, you're going to let this thing do the hard work for you. No. But actually, before we do that, what we're going to do is we are going to put, we are not going to run it in agent mode. We're going to do something super cool here. We're going to run it in plan mode. Right off. You go, hit, hit, enter, and it'll hit the thing. See what happens. Right? So it's going to what is it telling you? Is anybody able to pay Jesus? Anthropic uses? Okay, let's just move on auto. Thought we were paid. Do not keep all right off. You go planning the plan, creating a plan. So one of the cool things about when you do, when you do like, when you do, worry about it. It's fine. It will work, right? So when you're doing, when you run in. So when you you've got your prompting, you're using like agent mode or ask mode. These are kind of one shot prompts, right? So what it does is it says, just before you read that, we're just you need to learn about these kind of one shotting these things is fine. You just go, you know, you kind of YOLO it. You only live once, right? And you just, you just let it rip, yeah, and it banks later changes. And because you've got it in Git, you know, you can, if anything goes wrong, you can just revert all the changes. It's all fine. It's all easy. But one of the other things it does is plan mode, and plan mode is quite good, because in plan mode, it it creates a plan and lets you, the human operator, review the plan, and then you can say you can make changes. And so it often asks you questions. So what is the React application we created in the root directory for the adventure or in sub directory? Easy, web directory, yeah, okay, I agree. Put it in a sub directory called Web. Yeah. So what did you do? Directory, Easy Web or front end. How did you do? How did you choose it is I clicked on B and I press enter. Okay, cool. This is the plan, right? So, what is this? What create a new React, type script saying the website, choosing vtel When CSS. For styling and pmpm. So okay, so this is what it's going to do. It's going to instal and configure tailwind, set up, testing, create the Hello World component, add es, Link configuration files to create a modifice. Is what it's going to do, right? So now what it's done is it taken your sort of, you know, our sort of slightly scrappy, unclear prompts, yeah. And it's saying, This is what I'm going to do. That's good, yeah? And so it's giving you the whole thing here and telling you what it's going to do. And so now we can look at that and go, Yeah, that's right, that's what they want. Yeah. So you now review the plan, and if you wanted to change the plan, look, in here. Here, it's got a list of to do's look so initialise the project, right? So all of this stuff, right? So you can do all of that, and you can edit this. You can say, I want you to do something else as well, or I want you to change the way that you've done this. Or you can use a prompt here to say, actually, that's not right. Do this differently, yeah, for me, right? So you don't really understand what this is doing, yeah, all right. But what you are going to do is you're going to, you know, but that's fine. You kind of, you know, you kind of scan it. You basically scan these plans, and you go, that looks about right, or you go, now that's completely wrong. And you can do this before it then makes changes to your code. So it gives you an opportunity to change, to review what it's going to do before it's done it. After it's done it, you have the opportunity to review what it did, okay? And it runs through this list. So let's just go through it. Yeah, go for it looks about right? So you've now hit build, and it's going to go through and what do you think it's going to go and Do? Do? Yeah, it's going to do, it's going to do its go through its to do list. What I love, right? So now, right before you go make directory, directory, my public Hold up. Hold up. Just it's all good, right? So it's good that you're reviewing it. Okay, what we're gonna do? Oh, hold on. I messed that up. Sorry. Do you have to restart? Anyway, whatever? I can't really see. Why did what? Anyway, whatever. Don't worry making the core config files. Why don't we JSON file? So this is all the stuff that means a lot to it, right? There's a load of config files like JSON files for for the package, there are configuration, all the config files, right? And so in the past, you know, in order to build a an application like this, you would have had to do a lot of this stuff yourself, right? And you know how to do. So what people would do is they would like copy it from, you know, template things to go all through that, all of this, but then when he wanted to change, he wanted something different. It was really hard. Yeah, in all of this stuff, it's a lot easier. I think what's happened, I'm going to stop this now, because I think we I messed up. I messed up aggressively, because I think I messed up because I didn't allow it to do the thing properly. So beef controls adding. So let's just go and build the thing again and see if we get the gives us another opportunity after run that, run this in the terminal and allow it to it doesn't have a directory to run in. Okay, come back here. Good, great. Copy that. Gabe, yeah, go back up. Find that. Copy that, right? Just stop this. Stop that running from now I go into the tissues. You don't need to swap out till turn. Just do it there. Here's a few clicks to stop. Okay, right? Think, right. Okay, good, all right. So you've got this web, right? I've tried building again. That's so we messed up here. I messed up. I mean, it should be. It says web, public, that's fine. So public is, that means, right? So now, run, run, always run the failed. It already exists on that. Did it think that it already existed? Didn't try and run that wide, right? So now we're getting somewhere. Now, since created, I love seeing it do everything. It's good for think it's doing. What is this? Was this being stored with this? It's just like a temporary fire. Okay, so this is what we are doing. So now we just go make a cup of tea. Come back soon, so you can kind of watch it doing its business here, okay, and so that you can actually think this works in here, into agent mode, yeah, Agent mode is another view here look and it's now just, you know, more for agents, less for Yeah, it's like, less sort of just see the difference. I know why it's stalled. It seems, I'm not sure what's going on. It's changed, though it has done a minus one. Now, didn't know that before. It's been stuck on that for ages. What's going on? Right? Okay, so can you just hand me the thing here? You can chat to it like this that you seem to have stalled. Keep going. Why work? Save try again. We must do nothing. The parent directories have been created already. I we can afford to be a bit impatient with it. Okay, right? Stop. Do.

Hold on. Wait for a second. It's fine. I don't know why this is not doing what we want it to do. Maybe it is kick in a few seconds. I very strange. Once again, it seems to stall, doesn't it? I don't know. Why should we say it? Should we tell it? Tell it. No, no, just leave it. Leave it for a second. Okay, I tell you what we're gonna do, shut this down. If in doubt, just shut everything off. Okay, right, okay, so these are some of the things for now, it's asking us to accept all of this stuff, which is kind of annoying me. I don't know why can do that. It's fine. All right, let's just see what where we're going with this? Then get ready to go in a second Troubleshooter. Well, I'm a bit annoyed that this is taking so long. Do you have the Pro version that might as fast as you think. Use better use faster models. Composer it's using, probably using its own model, which is called composer one. And composer one is quite fast, so I don't know why we've got in I me, connection issue, okay, some stuff here. All right, so it's now, right? So now what has happened? It's asking us to accept each of these changes all the time, which I kind of don't really want. I have to say, yes, we need to find out where we change that in this well, if it will change its own, no, it's keeping going nice. Okay, so now, but each time you're going to have to just click Accept. I don't know why it's asking me to accept single the files individually. Let's just find out it is green with different you press Accept. A lot. Yeah, yes, huge amount, yes, it's done. A huge amount, has it? So it's still working, yeah, still going, Oh, it's still going, right. Okay, auto run moon. Quickest fix. OPEN CURSOR settings by pressing Ctrl, Shift j, okay, commits. Gonna have a Okay, don't control shift J, Control J, shift J, yeah, okay, now just one second, one second look for auto RUN mode, right and what's it set to default location or to accept one commit, no, do one move, yes, right? So we're going to use run everything, right? This is the kind of, you know, just hit it. This is like, you know, opens up that's up to all sorts of madness, like prompts, injection attacks and all that kind of stuff. It's just running in I know you will do for this, one of this stuff. You there forever, all day, ping, except go. And there's more to do. Possibly today. It's just making. Gonna do make it will make dozens and dozens and dozens and dozens of changes here. Okay, so we'll stop it and say, right, we're just going to stop it and say six of six. Okay, fine, all right, yeah, okay. So it's completed, set up. Have a look at what it's done. Remember, we're not gonna lose this chat. Yeah, we're gonna keep finally it stopped, to use this to build, okay, Addison, project structure, configuration file to do all of these. Yeah. Source files, yeah, it's dependencies, yeah. Okay. Just click Keep pull. Yep, yep. Exactly. So what you need to do, right? So, before we do anything in Git, what we are also going to do is we know, right. So what, what will happen is, now, if I do, if I now do so, I'm going to do something here, right? So, PMPM is our package manager. Package Manager just can't remember. You have to ask something chat, GPT for that. PMPM build is going to build the project. PMPM test is going to test it. PMPM list is going to lint. It's lint it. I'm going to build it and see what happens. Right? Let's try, Ah, right. So none of these things have been found, so we haven't used, we haven't actually installed NPM or so we're going to ask the two words, I think it's NPM, but you use a P, that's not right. So we're gonna do is, I'm gonna ask instal PMPM for me. Okay? So it hasn't even instal it, so I bet you any money, it's gonna build it's gonna break when we do this. So it's gonna instal it globally, right? So look what it's doing. Is saying, right? We found it checking around that before so now it's doing its bits, just checking that it's got everything right. So you just, you didn't have to worry about imagine in the past, you had to know how to do all of this stuff yourself, right? It's quite a long it's a lot of different attempts. Keeps failing, doesn't it? Yeah, running these things keeps failing. I wonder, why did you where's the settings you changed? So what are these things? Attempts to run this are failing, aren't they? Why? Let's just restart cursor again. Got it running anywhere else? If you know kind of annoying this, isn't it? Yeah, it's weird today, isn't it? It's the hour before, didn't it, when I was trying to do a directory. Into a directory, yeah, but that's before we gave we before we put it on. So you can do anything you like mode. Tell you what may well be that I get to convert that one to text one. Yeah. On your that's miss me won't be wise you're not running in that will be why it was failing, actually, because you needed to do this, right? It's good, all right, yes, we want to continue, right? So the reason it wasn't working, possibly, is because we weren't we were not running as root. You don't want to ever run as root. This is what we do, that sudo, Su, do command. It means that you we learned about that, yeah. So now it's installing NPM now and then we're going to instal pnpm On top of this. Okay, all right, so it's gonna take some time here, isn't it? 3% me for days in the meantime, right? And again, brush my teeth. Got to go and do this. So, so we're gonna get and get this to get this done, right? So what I'm going to ask what you were going to do when this is installed? Okay? I think you should be able to, well, I tell you what let's get this is like teaching me to how to type like as a TypeScript in like, you can have like, a new file here, type stuff and like, like, well, you can, yeah, you can do that. But let me just show you a couple of things to do with React and type scripts, right? So this one is the was, TSX. TSX is okay. So this is a so you notice something about this team, and I'm not going to teach you about how any of this stuff works, right? But what I'm going to do is, I'm going to you can learn about all of this. We need to instal, am a we need to instal loads of stuff in this is, we'll do it right. Patience. So what this is doing? What do you think this looks like now? Can you describe we're looking at the app, dot, TSX file. Tell me what start at the top. What do you think this function app has created? Like a window? I'm kind of, well, it's just a function, right? So we declare it output something, it returns some what looks like? What does this look like to you? Do you know what this language looks like? This? This language looks like, very, very basic, very well. What do you know anything? So, do you know what like the you know, Does this look familiar to you in any, any way it's familiar. But this basically looks like HTML, yeah. Is a document, right? This is a right. And then what it does is it, you know, this, this is a container, like div is a container, and then there's another container nested in there. Then there is a head, level one heading, right? And within that level one heading, you've got Hello World, which is what you asked it to do. And it says, you know, in a paragraph, peers paragraph, welcome to your React, type script, and all of these things in here. These class names are basically styling, basically how it's going to style it all right? And those stylings are all defined. This is, can we run that inside of class? Yeah, we can run all of this stuff, right? So, yes, you can run it inside. So let's have a look at this, right? So, so now, when we do so, now we've installed NPM, we've installed NPM. We can now try and instal, instal PMPM, and let's see if it does. It's because it might you, I think it uses that uses NPM. Oh, no. Oh, you've hit your usage limit already, so you're going to have to pay some more money to get this to work. Pay some money to get this cost costs A lot of money. We'll keep on current. Subscription things. So I'm going to, out of the goodness of my heart, as I promised, I will pay you, pay for you to do this for 16 years, only 16 a month. Oh, is that right? Yeah, when you lose interest in five minutes, then I still have payments anyway, carry on, although, you know there are other tools that we can use that are free and stuff. So we switch to one of those at some point, right? So we're going to go to so obviously, what we're going to do is we're not going to read out our credit card number when the AI transcriber is running because that would represent a terrible security breach. Yeah, just a sec. I I'll Eat some water. No. Thank you. I I Okay, right? So that's now sorted, right? So you're being paid, you're being you're getting top quality Pro Tool in here for for your hobby projects, make sure you're making the most of these things. So, okay, what I asked it to do, it's available again. Wasn't it? Yeah, that's right. I go on, get on with it. Why did it fail? What is going on with this? Stop, stop, stop. Whole thing is very strange that says he's Package Manager. MPM, right? What's going on? Permissions issue shouldn't have to run. I um, you shouldn't have to run NPM as a administrator. It doesn't make sense to me anyway, right? So you've got PMPM running now, build and what have we got here? Low patch, right? Good. Okay, so let's go into the web folder here. So this is where let's see if we can build it right. So no modules missing. Did you mean to instal it? So what you're going to do here is you've now got to instal all of the packages. No, do PMPM instal. One here. No in here. Pnpm instal. So now you've got, so what you've got here, before we do this, is in package dot JSON. Here, you've got a list of, amongst other things, all of the things, all of the dependencies. Here, dependencies, React, React on blah, blah, blah, tailwind, TypeScript, right? These are all the dependencies that you need to run build your projects. We need to worry about any of this for now, but what we don't have is we haven't installed all of these packages. So you're gonna do PM, yeah? One of the reasons, one would be one of the reasons, yeah. And so look, it's now figuring out all of this stuff. It's gonna go through and do all of its stuff in a minute, downloading them all, it's going to go and do it all, right, okay, two reactor changes. Only a subset of get pieces will be enabled. Okay, fine. It's got, like, now, trillions and trillions of these things. Okay, so, yeah, it has and so what we're gonna do now is we'll see if we can build it here. Oops, a daisy. What did I do wrong? Built a pmpm. Build. Okay, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. It's now doing all of this stuff, right? It's built it now. What it has done now is, I think it's probably there should be a dist folder here, and so this has now turned your source code into a load of, you know, right? So this is, this is now transpiled. We talked last time about transpiring type scripts into JavaScript. This is the JavaScript programme it was built, right? Okay, so now you can see there's quite a lot going on, and it's just a simple Hello World thing. Don't worry about that. Now, one of the reasons that this has got too many, way too many things for Git to track, is that Git is tracking everything right. We do not want to commit into Git node modules and dist because what we want to do is these things are not we don't want to track that code. We want this code to just be installed and built on local machines we don't need to get so we need to build a Git ignore exactly, tell cursor to do it, please. For for delegation type scripts, yeah, delegation, delegation, for TypeScript, so you need it, yeah. So all TypeScript, type script reacts, and whatever. And it will just, yeah, or you just say for this project, actually, but that's fine. It will, it will, you know, we'll figure out. Now you're paying for it. You can also use the top, don't worry, but just leave it on. Okay, right? So you do accept now, yeah, I don't know why it's doing that. I might leave you to figure that. So I created a Git ignore, okay, and now, all right. So, Git ignore, right? There you go. So, so, right. So let's go into into the source control thing. View that one. Yep, correct, right? Too many changes, 10,000 because it's the right so now, but it's not. There are not 10,000 right? Look, these are the only changes. Why are these the Oh, hold on. Is that the only change? No, right? So what you also need to do is, we got to add, you got to add the disc folder to to so this disc, the build output folder, is tell it to do it. Folder to get ignore. Okay, all right, it should be right. So it do it now probably ask you to accept it, which is annoying. Okay, well, you might need to give it another go, but whatever you can, you can figure that out yourself, and that be part of your homework is already in Git, ignore. It's based on, okay, so let's keep it as it is. Why is this now? Okay, let's just discard these things. Yeah, what ifs and what else are we missing? Oh, there you go. It's gone now, isn't it? So let's just see what happens. We rebuild the thing now, doo doo doo doo doo doo, okay, so we now got so dist, 31 modules, 31 modules transform. So all right, so you've got all of these things, is it now in our No, don't think those things are anymore, are they so? So now you've got all of this here, 18 changes, not 10,000 Yes, this is better, isn't it? So now, if we look at what those all are, these are all the things that we're going to we're going to go from 10,000 to 18. Well, because where it went from 10,000 is I'm going to show you, right, so you can see how these things are greyed out. Yeah, is it now in the Git ignore file. So look, this is where it went from 10,000 these are all the packages that you've pulled in, right? Look, see, then you've got to get because, no, because they're just packages, because they you just reference the package, and then you instal them locally on your local machine, right? You don't want them tracked in all of this nonsense, tracked in there, right? Commit those then, yeah, what you can. Well, do it now and it might give you a rubbish refract now never gives a good message, installed. Scaffolded. You've scaffolded the thing, yeah, scaffolded. Web App, yeah. Basic web app, basic web app, brilliant, excellent. Good message, good commit message, okay, right. Commit stage. I just do you do all stage, all sync changes. You'll be alright soon. We're right. So now I show get status before, really, just to make sure, fine, you didn't that's the get status. Yeah, remember I said in this window, all it's doing is running Git command, yes, and building the UI from that, right? It's done all right. So you can now, now, then what we're going to do now is I'm going to show you PMPM Dev. I think we set up a dev script. What's going on now do and there we go, tailwind app, right? So there you go, Hello World, right? So look at what's on here. Look. So this is a local web server that is running the York the code for that web server is written in here. Yeah, it looks good, doesn't it? This is the web the web server is running somewhere in here. Code for this, sorry, is in here. The suit runs the web server at this address, local host room. I said, local host points to your local machine. This is a port number. You can figure out what that means. And then this is, like, the, yes, this is your, your web app, right? So you've now got this, and you could add, you could now, if you wanted to, your homework will be to vibe code calculator instead. Yeah, you just, you can just vibe, pay the calculator, learn how it works, ship it to push it up to get run it by going, pmpm. Specifically, you got this, and I paste this into, like, Chrome, yes, in your local machine it will, yeah, go into Chrome and do it. There you go. And so now you've got a web application. Really cool, yeah, okay. And when you go back to here, this is a browser. Sorry, this is like an internet, yes, this is a browser. It's just a browser embedded in Yeah, same thing. So now you've got this. So this is not available on the internet, though, yeah? So, because this is now your, your, well, there is actually HTTP, but, well, it's not www, makes no difference either. That's just a part of our host name. This is your local host is not accessible on the internet, right? So we can't accept incoming request. Security, I see, prevents that, and there's no way of addressing your computer from the internet. So this is how this all works. So you can now, via code, a web app that does something different. Yeah, right. And then next week, and then, and then your job in this homework is to just keep exploring it. And I would like you. So what I'd also like you to do is, when you ask this thing to do something for you, I want you to review the changes it makes. To close all of these things down here. All right, so this is now our setup thing you could create when you create a new chat, but don't lose that, don't clear that other chat apps, we want that. So this is now your your you are now going to use this chat, and we'll see how you get on to spend a bit of time playing around with it. Build a new, build a new, you know, build some new functionality into this. So you could ask it to, you know, right? We replace hello world with a functioning calculator. When I was in the calculator, I like towel, it gives you, I could just say to it, move the Clear All button, yeah, right of it, yeah, does it opposed to me having to rescale everything, right? That's fine. Could you just? Could you? Yes, that's right. So what I would like you to do, though, is I would like you to run it in plan mode when you do anything and then read what read and understand, try and understand what the what the what it is planning. And if there is a when you don't understand stuff in there, look it up in in, you know, in chat GP ask chat GPT to explain what it's doing in so what you do is you could just one second. What I'd like you to do, in fact, is take the plan, copy the plan, paste it into chat GPT and say, explain this to a novice. Okay, and I want you to go through it and chat mode on here. Well, you probably could do, but then you've already got it. No, you don't need to change the model. It's fine. You just leave the model in auto mode. It's fine. Okay, so you could do, but you've, then you've got another chat window, whatever works for you. But just run it in plan, though. Take the plan, explain, TypeScript, yes, type scripts, yeah, TypeScript, yes, yeah, exactly. It's really cool, yeah. So you can, yeah, exactly. So you can describe also. So anyway, oh, leave that with you, right? You can, you can do spend an hour doing it. Do not spend more that you've got too much homework do.

# Week 4

What you do for so basically, do not have the, have the when you explain it, say that I can show you, because it's like, okay, we'll explain it in words. So I'm doing that, making a I'm making the third game for my revision app making. So I have, so far, I have solubility quiz, which is for chemistry, ion charges quizzes. And then I'm making a geography case studies, so for each so for geography, I have 39 case studies. I've got to learn three points and one piece of place specific information for each one. Yeah, this is designed to test me on it, so it will be a case study at random, and I have to enter the the three points, and I play specific information. So I'm using the Quizlet, which is the one that's been made, to learn them. And I'm testing myself with with this right? It tells me talking about and there's also a margin Ferris there's a few letters wrong. It will mark it right. How does it do that? It uses a a I did read this, I saw how it did. It's here, similarity threshold, yeah, yes, okay, so just match. It was just matching. So what's doing is just matching string to the so it's matching the string that I enter. What's gone matching the string that I enter to the predetermined string. That's the answer for this one is volcano superheroes impact 3000 people displaced in this area. But then, if I had said 3000 new people displaced, it with a typo, it will mark it correct as an 85% margin for how does it do fuzzy matching? And show me the code. That does fuzzy matching of the string suit what? So, if the string is So, how does it do it? Describe to me how the code works. I'm not sure what I wish I find the find the function where it's doing that. It depends. Let's see here, because it's the work. Keeps adding stuff. So, yeah. So when you let fishes thing past it on the thing, wait for it to finish. Hasn't yet it let's just try it. Well, hold on. A second, wait, wait, wait, wait, go back to the thing. What is going on here? William, what's going on? What's going to describe what he sounds like, describe the things I want you to look critically at the code and describe what it's doing for which, for each bit, just to describe the whole thing, start the top of the file, what's going on. Okay? So this is importing effects in the scene, where you might import a title module from like, putting, like, yeah. This is the three different games. This is, this is, they're not the display names. This is the names for it. So this is the it's name this one question, because it's the first one I had. It didn't name it solubility quiz, but it should. And this has just got answer, soluble in soluble, whereas this one is, yeah, because this one's not a multiple choice one. It's got these different ones. And it's all because this is all straight. So you have compound, which is a string, and that's what, this is a string choice. Ion is a string, obviously correct. And this one has four strings, because one point is a string, second point is a string. That point is string, psi is a string. Like, yeah, that's photography, yeah. Okay, yeah. And this is the array data set for the ion charge. So you have sodium plastic, and this is the correct charge here. What do you think this means? So what's that const? Word mean constant? So it's a constant, yep. So what's the constant? What is a constant? It's an instant change. Yep, right. So you can't reassign, oh, yeah, of course. Yep. So I'm writing, so you've got ion charge questions, but some, what's this? What's this mean? There emit, I mean, doesn't include, not include emits iron charge question. So it's not, so it's not including less than when you hover over, when you hover over a type or some definition in cursor or Visual Studio code or something, it gives you a hint here, so it tells you what this is. So what this type is? It's called omit, and it is, I mean, this is getting into some quite difficult, quite advanced stuff in TypeScript. But these angular brackets are type arguments. They're called. You need to look I've used this before in them in Java. In JavaScript uses before. So this says emit, and what does it read what it says there this bit, yeah, or this bit. So construct a type, yeah, with properties of T, except for those type k. So, so what this is doing here is it is constructing a new type with the properties of T. T is the first type argument I on charge question, except for those in here. So there's this one here. Cool. There's a property called options there, alright, so it's going to construct a type here. What is options? So look, so these are the options, right? So it's making a new type based without which is basically ion and correct charge, and missing the option, without the options thing. So anyway, why? Why their model that the LLM has decided to build this, yeah, slightly strange constructs, but it does. They do these sorts of things. Often, llms, they make a sort of bit of a mess of stuff, and you have to know what you're doing in order to sort of go, well, that's a bit weird. Why would you do that? Doesn't make sense. You don't know what you're doing, which is fine. These ones, I think, are sort of things that I think, I think I to be fair, though, I would have noticed scrubber afterwards if I if I had like, when I was making this. When I was figuring out how to, like prompt this to make its thing, I thought to myself, if I was trying, I could make this in Python graphically, it wouldn't look as nice, because it's like, clean and it's all very but whereas, if I had made it, it would have been like a text based clicking button, yeah. But I was thinking, This isn't, Surely all of this can't be necessary just for some nice graphics. It just felt nothing this. Kind of Exactly, exactly, exactly. So, I mean, like, what's this? I still think to myself, like, why is this? It doesn't, truly didn't. Your stuff is not, not necessary, especially all the stuff done here for this not this is all the stuff. So the data set, yeah, this is, let's have a look at this recipe. I you've gone through, gone through all of this down here, right? So let's go down so these are those sets for the different, for different. Oh, my God, alright, so this, so there's a fight this, for this file here, this TypeScript module is really massive, isn't it? You've got all of the data in these arrays, like hard coded, okay, different, okay, if that's fine. You can move it into a different file. Yes, that's fine. Okay, so Well, you haven't really, that's just the, this is just, this is just that. Yeah, the text, right? So you enter the text, yes, it's now, can I just, I'm just having a just, we're just going through this methodically, right? What is this to this is the shuffle algorithm for, she ate stuff, algorithm for the which one is it for? Actually, is for this one. It's just speaking random questions, just doing a random making sure it's a completely randomised question. I mean, it's basically completely randomised. They just so, just reorders that, yeah, shuffles the items around in the array quiz facing someone. It's not just for that, is it? Because this is a function, right? So this is a function that can be applied to any array. Oh, yeah, right. There's no, there is no. This is, like, very generic. So you can pass in any array. It would have to be really rewritten for the for the geography one, because it's more because it's, it's because it's, it's it's the structure of the array is different? Yeah, not true. So this is one of the things about languages like typescripts, is they allow you to pass type parameters. It supports something called generics. And what this means is that this is an array of type T. It doesn't matter what T is. Oh, I see, right? So this is now able to add, so you don't need a function. Taps for this, for the shuffle algorithm, then, well, any array does. So this is basically, generically, any array can be passed into this, yeah, shuffle array function that you've got here. So this is all of this stuff. You know what any of this means here? I mean, I would be very surprised if you did to an extent, yeah. I mean, from here onwards, it's always like, this is actually the maps and stuff. You have to be constant, J equals, okay, forget about that. I'm not talking about the definition here. So what this says here is there is a constant called shuffle array, okay. And then you were assigning something to the value to that constant, and you are assigning what is called an arrow function in TypeScript, right? So that is an arrow defines an arrow function. So that is the basically equivalent of saying, of using, like, the function keyword, yeah, okay. So it's just basically a way, a short, sort of a bit of a shorthand for doing it. But what you're doing here is, like, forget about so say what this is. What this is saying is, take a these are type arguments, so there is a type argument, T, okay. And what this is saying. So take any an array of some generic type of T, matter what t is, but we know it's an array. So this is an array of type t, right, and return an array of type T to that colon. What comes after that is the return type of the function. Okay, what's in brackets are the arguments passed, right? So this is now, so you've now got a constant called shuffle array whose value is a function, right? Okay, yes, that's all good. And the function into the function, the function implements the shuffle algorithm. So what is it? What it does here? So you need to, we will need to learn all about how TypeScript works. This is all quite advanced stuff that cursor has written for you, but shuffled equals this thing is what this does is a spread operator. It's called so basically, it's just copying the original array into an array called shuffled, copying everything into it, and then it's doing, what? What's this? Do you know what this is? It's, what is this construct here for? Do you think that might be repeat itself? Yeah, exactly. Yes. It's basically so. So it's going, so it's going from shuffled dot length minus one. So the rays are zero, index zero. So I goes from zero right to the end of the array. So, so where i is greater than zero, and then it's actually, it's going from the end of the array, one, no, it's going backwards through the array, okay, right? And so it's coming from the end of the array, which is minus one, and then it is going, so then it, then it puts them back into so it's creating a J, yeah, yes, when it's then why they call it J, well, because what was by convention, I means that is index, and then if You need another index in a function. By convention, people pick the next letter in the after i, which is j, exactly. And then what would they do after that, k and so on, right? So, yes, you would know your you would know your alphabet, okay? And then what's this thing is making the telling the what game it is for. The fact this is solubility gear. They shouldn't they should say, just, let's not worry about this for now. This is, this is a better, right? And then display, yeah, so record is like, same as this mirrors kind of record it's got if it stores data, listen. So record is a, it's like a sort of field names to values, right? These field names, okay, and then what it's doing here is it's going, this is a, what does this say? Helper functions generate multiple choice options for ion charges. Yeah, so, right. So, and it calls the shuffle around do all of this, right? So then you've also got a Levenshtein distance calculation implemented here, which the, which the this is going to make. I mean, who knows what that is, but so what this has done? I don't know what prompts you've used to have it do this, but this is how kind of interesting, you know. So What? What? Let's see if we can figure out what this thing does. What does it do? You it so it gets the length of so it takes two strings as an argument, yeah, okay, and get, takes the length of one. Take that gets the length of both of them. Yeah, right. So the length of those strings, and it creates this two dimensional array, yeah, numbers called matrix, and then it sets up this matrix, so kind of, yeah, and then it's got two sets of numbers, and then it is created. It's going to create a it's filling the matrix somehow with, I don't know what that is used for. Who knows? So what you can, one of the great things often do in cursor is you can, is you can just do this as that adds it to that, and you just go, what? And you've got a bit more than what is this. Describe this or describe this. Let's see what it says. You're an agent, what you and so agent made it might actually decide that what it wants to do, I might decide what it's might decide what it does is it? Is it? So 1111, Stein distance function calculates the minimum, calculate the minimum number of single character edits, insertions, deletions or substitution needed to transform one string into another. It's used for fuzzy string matching, right? Okay, so that is quite interesting, isn't it, right? So, yes, yeah. Okay, so this is kind of a so this is where we were talking about. How does it do fuzzy matching? Well, it uses that algorithm, and you've got this another function here, so another arrow function here, called Calculate string similarity. Yeah, matching the set string to what I input. Let's see how similar it is. So that calculates the number of steps, doesn't it? And let's ask it, okay, and this work. Okay, so let's see what it does. Then here's how the Calculate. So it returns a similarity score between zero, which is what the same or complete zero is there a completely different one, the same, and then it's 0.85 limit, and you've got some threshold that says, yeah. Okay, yeah, yeah. So, okay, so that gives you a, so that's kind of very clever, isn't it? I mean, so if you were trying to write all of this, trying to write fuzzy logic yourself, without having a, you know, an LLM or AI coding assistant doing it for you, would, we would mean anyone would struggle to do that, right? So you need to, you need to kind of know what you're doing. There needs to be books on that. And she does it very easily. The reason I use, the reason I didn't like this, wasn't really, it was less of a trying to study about programming, more of a building something helpful. Yeah, exactly. This is one of the things done. Yeah, this is one of the things that, because that is actually genuine help. It's not just a fun thing. Is genuinely me, my friends are like, testing. That's really good. Yeah. So it's very good, isn't it? So, so and then, yeah, so what? But what this programme is, what this programme is, is is, you know, it's kind of way too many indents for me. Well, that's just what happens. But so what this programme is doing is, it's all kind of bundled up into this one file. And, you know, it's, it's not very like adding another game, another test thing here. Adding another test means that you have to, you know, you have, would have to, sort of, you know, create another type of array, and, like, you know, and, and so, so it's not so it's, you know, while it sort of works, it's getting a bit unwieldy and hard to maintain, isn't it? And what we've also done is we're doing like, mixing in all the data for all the questions and the art and the right answers and possibilities with all of the code. So all of this sort of logic, like this sort of clever kind of, you know, fuzzy logic, fuzzy matching, you know, similarity, you know, and shuffling those things, all of that business logic, just it's fine in a minute. All of this, this, they can do that, I think, all done in a second. So all of this is kind of bundled up into, you know, one big TypeScript module, along with all of the, all of the code that builds the UI as well and so often, what you would say, what you would, you know, what you would do to restructure this is you would change that so that it's all broken in, you know, so it's but it's split into sort of a much more modular structure, which makes it a bit easier to maintain. Yeah, all right. So what you can do as well, and like, one of the things that you could do to make this easier to maintain, because, you know, every time you go right, I'm going to do what I want to do, a quiz for, you know, this thing, and these are all the answers, and, you know, to kind of add more and more and more, and already this module is up to, like, you know, 1000 lines of code. So what you can do is you can go into, is you can create a new agent here, new agent, and you can say, and I would go into plan mode now, and I would, I would say, you know, refactor. So refactor is a term that we use one word, one word one word, what term that we use in software engineering to say, to to to mean, change the structure of something or like without changing its functionality. That's what refactoring means. You're changing the way that so Reid. So what you want to do is we wanted to have what we want to refactor this application so that into a more modular structure. And you can, you know, and you can say, you can suggest more, more German maintainable structure. Yeah, great. So for easy edits to say, for easy edits, you just need to say a more maintainable structure. And then, and then it will and then, you know, you can, you can ask, you can say, you just suggest, suggest all your facts actually will do anyway. So you're doing this in plan mode. This is a sort of good example of using fan mode, because you don't want it just to go ahead. You want to review what it's going to do before it goes ahead and does it. And you know, you want to make sure that it's doing the right thing. Okay, oh, my. okay, so it's gonna ask you some questions. Now. What is it? What questions? Married? Yeah. Right. Okay. So what will I say? Okay, flat structure, component, hooks in, feature based games, I think feature based, I'm not sure if it does, because you know what, one of the things, so what? So let's, let's read this out so that we know when we're let's just go through this now. So what folder structure would you prefer for the refactored code? So a, it's a flat structure, components, hooks, utils, types data at the source level. B is feature based, so you do it by quiz. So games, Slack, game slash, solubility. Game slash, ion charges. Games, last case studies, etc, or hybrid, right? So we've got one of both of those things now, one of the things. So if you are in, you know, this is a sort of good software architecture question here. So what happens if you want to add more? So if you use feature based, what do you think that would mean? What? How would you add another one? I have to make a new. Yes, you're making new like, you know, it's not very, not very generic, because I have the games in the games into my idea was games in the games themselves, and the question algorithms in one separate, separate from the array which has all the data and the meta sort of code, like the Fact The generation of the UI and all that in a separate so I have three different files, yeah. So I think, actually, I think C would be the would be a good thing to do here. Yes, let's do that, right. So question two, it's asked you, should I extract game logic into custom hooks like use eg? Well, hold on a second, yes, extract custom hooks for better. Wait, wait, wait, wait, extract custom hooks for better. Separation of concerns, no. Keep logic and components optional. Use hooks where it makes sense. I would go for that. Yeah. So has it got any other questions? It's asked you? Not everything. No, okay, right. Go for it. Then say, hit, continue, and it will come up with All right, so it's coming up with this plan. It's doing some cool stuff here. So look, think about what it's doing here is that's got source, it's got types index, yeah, okay, and so it's got data here is separated. Wait, just going up so I can stay here. It's not finished yet, so you just have to wait and be a bit patient, and then we'll have a look in a minute. Okay, monolithic is that all in one? Yeah, yes, monolithic, like a monolith, is not big in this context, it means monolithic. Means, you know, one big, one big thing, right? Okay, right. So we just be, let's just and so it's gonna, you plan, I think, why it keeps moving up and down like this. It's just close that and it's typing. It's not no, it's finished. So go back up so that I'll never look at the structure that it's proposing. We're gonna try and understand this. So what I wanted to say one one time is, types data, all the questions in one folder. Well, so it's got, so it's got data in one Yeah, right. These are like, Yes, right? And then in the Utilities folder, it's got some eights, and the similarities, yeah, so much is different, yeah. And officiates is in, yeah. And then these hooks here, so it's got some react hooks, yeah, use password or fuse, solubility. So. And then it's broken down. Yes, it's broken down your app into and giving you one file for each why these TSX as opposed to just TS because those are like TypeScript files, which the TSX is a format that allows you to mix in TypeScript with what looks like HTML. Look some of these things up. So you're gonna do all of this stuff so we know what it's gonna do. It's all fine. I will just click on bill before you do that. Do you think it might be worth just committing what you have at the moment, just because that makes it, you know something goes wrong. It makes it easy to, you know, to then come back from that. Okay, I'm just gonna stop listening. And updated to commit, I will not think those yet today. Why not? Because, well, at the moment, or they are, they're just on your computer, right? Well, there is because your computer, if you're so, the reason you push them to a server is that you have a backup now, whereas sitting there on your computer, you could delete that stuff by mistake, yeah, easily the folder you've lost all the changes. So now they're on, they created a remote backup of that. That's what you want, right? So you want you know, if you you know, if somebody comes and Nicks your computer or you flush it down the toilet by mistake, right? You're not going to lose your work. It's important. Okay? So you're going to hit build now. So you're going to build from your plan. It's going to restructure the code into something a bit more can refactor. Yes, we'll go through it now and what it will also do. So one of the great things about these AI coding assistants is what they do is they make all these code changes, and then they will, then they compile and lint the thing to make sure that it all works, right? So, yeah. So that's quite good. That's quite helpful. So what you would, what you would read this file about the indexes, was, before we go through any of the files, there's some other things that we need to just talk about. So let's just focus on So what it's doing at the moment making loads of changes, right? It's making doing a big like refactor of your code, which is what we wanted to do. That's very good. What we are, what we are, what we are, what so when in a sort of professional app, you would have a load of automated you what are called unit tests, okay? And so we might go and get it to add some unit tests for us in a minute. But we should have done that actually before we computing. Yeah, we do different types, different types, testing, iterative, right? That kind of stuff. So what to what? So what you would what, what you can do is you can build a suite of automated tests in your app right that that run the code, run parts of the code within with different scenarios automatically, and then check that the output of these things is what is expected. Yeah, well, that's what, what unit tests do. So for example, in a minute, we will go and we will add some unit tests, say, for your shuffle algorithm, and what it will do, and we'll do this in a minute is it will, it will create a load of tests, automated tests, which is just code, right? Just type scripts, code, and that TypeScript code will check that your whatever it's called shuffle algorithm, behaves as expected. And when you go and make a change, right, if you make a change and you're and you break it, the code, yeah, then your tests will start to fail. So in and so what you would have, what we would normally just, so it just runs constantly all the time. And so that's what it does. Now, in a professional software engineering outfit, you would also run those tests on a server. So when you've got like, two or three or 10 or 200 engineers all committing code to the same repo, right? Then they're all breaking each other's stuff, potentially all the time, right? Because it's super complicated, loads of dependencies between this thing and this part code, right? And so what you do is you have these tests. Sometimes there might be 10s of 1000s of unit tests. And when you, whenever anyone pushes to GitHub, they run automatically, so things running constantly, and so they might fail. And then you get, you get a notification. Can't you get notification? Because your unit tests have failed on the integration server, your unit tests have failed. You've got to go and fix them, and it will not let you merge your PR until you fix your test, right? And so all that happens is you've got this so on the main branch, the main branch, you have got all the time, you've got code that passes the tests. It's like guaranteed to have passed all the tests, which is what you want, until the next time someone pulls down Main and creates a branch off it and does some work, they can have some, you know, confidence that the rest of the application is working, yes, and they've made some changes. So something's broken. That must be me. I must have done that. So I'll go, I'll fix that. So you know, otherwise you're going, well, this, did it work before? Didn't it work? I don't know. Where do they operate the test from? The operator inside your Well, we're gonna see in a second. So you what you do is you define the test in your repo alongside your code, right, and then and then, and it will run them constantly on your local machine. And then we can set it up later to to on GitHub, to constantly run whenever you make a commit to GitHub, whenever you push to GitHub, yeah, we'll just run the tests automatically in GitHub, and then it will tell you, will go, Well, your build is failed, so you can't, you know, so got to do something about it, right? So that's kind of silly. So it's now made a loads, made a lot changes. So what's it done? How much? How many changes has it made? Let's have a look at the number of it's made. Number 2007 Yes. 202,400 100 they added 1300 lines of code and deleted 1000 here I'm supporting the different things. So if I go back into editor and I see the files, yeah, so I would, I would defy with you, yeah. So now I would just, let's just, let's just say more and, and, stage all the changes create commit if you want to call this one like refactor, and then we should probably run the app to see if it makes sure everything's Still working commits to push it just way. Okay, moment, at the moment, what you're doing, don't forget, is your commit. You're on Main so you're committing to this one, to the main branch. But what you would probably want to do is have a is be committing all the time to to a what two different Oracle feature branches. So, yeah, so you do that, then you merge those into main. So what's on Main is sort of, you know, fully working all the time, okay? And then people pull that. Other engineers will pull that down, create a branch off it, do their own work, push it back up to their branch. When everything, when they're happy with everything, and they want to integrate, they then merge it back into main, and then it just the cycle continues, right, exactly. So let's just see if it all works. Then shall we say what you need to do, what you need to do is you need to so when you're doing all of this, I would hit F 12, if I were you. F 12 does, yeah, yeah, exactly, right. So now I'll go to just click on console, right. So here, if anything's going wrong, you're going to start Yeah, right. Okay. So no, I think it's all well, yeah, although actually that soluble, insoluble, aluminium, insoluble, aluminium. So, yeah, fine. Okay, so let's just, let's go and come out of this. And we're seeing some like, very rough testing, not as fast. So you don't see, I don't know that one. Let's have a look at this area. The whole point is, I don't know. They're not very good at them. Okay, so just take a guess, right? It's actually not, it's not been, not been done, right? Copy it over because meant the impacts or causes. So that's actually not been done, right? Let me just change the question, shuffle the question, yeah. Okay, so you might say, why isn't top enough? I'm saying, like no, yeah, it works, but it's just not done properly yet, because it's not, if I type in like something, it's not perfect. Go back into one of these things here, right? So now we just go like this, right? So your correct answer is northern redevelopment. So anyway, so you can't retry, that's kind of okay, fine, all right, so I'm obviously a score as a score thing, yeah, yeah. So you kind of, if I go like, if I say, the problem, the only the problem here is, if I see, like, tourism is one of the answers. Yeah, there you go. But if it was, I got lucky, if it was an auditorium, that would be wrong with this one agriculture that needs to be. Do you need to figure all of that stuff, right? We won't do that together. Now. It works. Well, it works functionally. The thing is working. We think the thing is kind of working. Okay, let's go back into cursor, all right, and now what I want you to do now is create a new agent here, and I, and what we want to do is, I, we want to create some unit tests for this app, right? So you're going to do that, so go back. You can just do it in the edit, so you don't need to do it in there. Okay, it's up to you anyway. So you create new agent, right? Your new agent, right? What I want you to do is, I want you to to implement so let's go one dimension unit test. I want to have one for the algorithm, one for the similarity. And I'm gonna have, I'm really sure, but some for the two algorithms, two important algorithms, well, so those things are really important, yeah. So I suspect what it will do is, if you ask it nicely, it will create unit tests for everything. So what you're going to ask it to do? You are going to say, define a full unit test suite, S, U, I, T, E's giving full coverage of of, I don't know, let's say full coverage of the utilities and and the apps. The algorithms are defined in the and the and the unit Yeah, go for it. Do it, plan it, see what it does in a minute. Can I add all of these units? Close down all the windows. We don't want them all open. If you click, if this dots, three dots. Here, close all, close all. And then there you go. And then, if there was, there was some that weren't saved, it would prompt you to save them. Yeah. A right to see it. So it's doing right? So here you go. So you've got two utility tests. It's gonna set all of those things. So, you know, this sort of thing that even strange that these See, look, it's kids coming up with a load of test cases. Yeah, handle single and raised with blah, blah, blah, and all strings of different, length, case sensitivity, blah, blah, blah. So it's doing quite you know, it's being very, very thorough, isn't it? Yes, so, yeah, so that's good, isn't it, refusing a testing what's what test what? Unit testing library, react. Testing library, invite us, yeah, yeah. So yes, we've already got Veet or vital, or however you pronounce it, I don't know. And so what's going to happen in a minute? He's going to say once it's just a look at all of the dozens and dozens and dozens of of test cases that this plans to add. Right so this now, if you make a change, like that big refactor We did, yeah, okay, then if you make a sort of small change, it's got this test suite. There's just validation, delete something in the algorithms, exactly. Yeah. So these, one of these, one like a separate file in these, in the separate Yeah, of course, yeah. They will run like in a different in someone, yeah, tests and No, they'll probably put the tests alongside. I saw something come up. What just? Just did they all test constantly, sorry, so they're all testing every, every second? Are they testing every second? Well, they sort of run, they kind of run in the background, in modules, projects instead of my one, okay, then two dots instead of wonder. Right? So you've got, well, the time is, every time is it for how often they test, sorry, time is for how often they test. No, so there is like, so don't worry about that. It's not about how often it's done. So basically, what it does, what it will do is it will test on, yeah, so go on. Just let rip. That sounds fine. Okay, build, and then we'll wait for it, and we'll do a good job of all of this. And what you will find in a minute, in fact, what we'll do while it's doing that, okay, we're gonna go and instal so these are all the extensions usually instal. So let's have a look. I'm going to instal the Look at this. It's cursed as a fork of Visual Studio Code. Is cursor, a fork of Visual Studio Code, yeah, as is, like Google's whatever it's called, one, I forgot what it's called, which is actually free cursor isn't as we know, it's just different themes. It's just like, Dave, she's gonna spend forever just going through all of this nonsense. It's like, just don't, don't bother. Yes, it's installed it now, right? Just just patience, be patient. Okay. Why have we not got I've got this told in mine, actually, I too many i May I ask the water quickly? Yeah, please i You i this today. Yeah, adding like it will be adding probably 1000s of lines. Code. Oh, yeah, which one's mine, and that's each one of the 200 lines here. Let's go and have a look at this. Find one where it's out here. Has it done any right? So let's have a look at the string similarity one. Let's show you what the structure of these tests are. Look, okay. So what it's doing is it's importing some stuff from like the test library, okay, and then it's importing your string similarity functions, okay, Levenshtein, distance in your calculate string similarity function look. So what it's doing, it's here it goes describe Levenshtein distance, and then it says it returns zero for identical strings. That's this is the kind of way of describing what the thing should do. And so look, so expect. This isn't a function called expect, you've imported from the test library, expect Levenshtein distance. Hello, hello, to be zero, right? So they are the same. And then there's another one and a couple of items, another identical string, an empty string to be zero, so they are the same, right? It's good. So returns correct distance for single character differences. So, so here you go. So hello and HELLO, CAT and bat, one difference between them, right? And so it goes on, right? So different kittens sitting to be three, so it gives you all the differences, blah, blah, blah. So it then tests that it is case sensitive, all right? And so that's kind of okay. And then what's this? Well, this one is your string similarity. So returns, so it returns 1.0 for exact matches. So you expect it to be one, right? This is the thing you're using here. So, so this one, it returns 1.0 for exact match for different cases. So test and uppercase, test and lowercase test are the same, right? So they're, they are so right? And so on. And let's say, and that the correct one. So similarity one, hello and hello. You expect the similarity to be greater than 0.5 and less than one, right? So they're not identical, but they are not completely different, mostly the same. That's what that test is telling you so it doesn't know it's not sort of in certain use. The string algorithm, yeah, expects that to be between point five and one, right? That's kind of a good, useful test. Has it done it? Okay, right before we go any further? Was very good. Okay, so look. So what we've got here now, in your in your things, if I click on now, let's see if we've got us we can run the test. So here you go. Look. Alright. So what it's doing, it's just come up with all sorts of how to find the package, just I'm imported from. Okay, let's say, well, let's just run one of the tests. You can run some run tests. So now you can you see we've got these things. So if I hit that now, what does it do? So it's got a to be yes, that will just text to test that one, yeah, test case. But we've got a load of errors here on this, so, so what we'll do is we'll just say, just get this to fix it. Test Runner, it's not working. Can you help? Okay, it does give me it has access to the things running it in in Yolo mode. Yeah, it's a bit of a bit so you can, yeah, see the thing, right? This is one of the reasons why you commit and push often, is because, well, I've just blown up the whole world now. And you know, what's the difference between orange? Yes, these are test files, where it put the test files, what is put them, yeah, all right, and safe. This looks like his, yeah, so NPM, PM, maybe thank you guys. That's why I was gonna cancel that and we're gonna go look checking because it didn't actually run. Did it myself? Yeah, it's missing, but it's required for the JSON testing. It's gonna do its thing now. All good, all right, and then it will go as a dependency was not installed in here, so it's trying to do this. Pnpm, you possibly it's the right directory, isn't it? Oh, it did something, a complete log. So try and PMPs. It's doing it now. Figure that out by itself. But now it's been now it's made some progress. So fixing the light is playing the test. So good. I didn't even do it that time. Test Run. It's working. Fixing works now. It's got a load of failing tests, right? It's a fix. So it made it made some just, if you just taking battery. So it's changing everything. One, well, it's changing the ones that are failing. So there will be ones that are failing and ones that are not failing. Okay, so look now it's run the tests, and it's gonna check the output, check some of those failing tests. Yeah, if you're on trapped stress, stressed me out. My whole thing seems to stall, doesn't it? Sometimes I don't really know why i i Yeah, it's changing a lot of things. A lot of the tests that it's written fail, right? And that's, that's stupid thing. Well, it hasn't, didn't try them out, did it rate them? And then it wasn't able to try them out. So now it's running them. Okay, here we go. Mode of truth. What happened? Yes, success. Well, so it doesn't mean that the tests were all passed, fixing the last test. Now, again, good things. All right, so what's it got? Still got one failed to fix the last failing test. Oh. Could be, you know, it's quite hard to criticise. It sounds quite pretty good job. I mean, it's just literally there. It's just done about three days work in about five minutes, right? That's really good. So it's fixed the test. Let's have a look at what it means to to run these things. So if we go into where are you, says this, PMPM, test, right? So we do this now. Sorry. Now your your package json file is in, is in Web, isn't it? Yeah, yeah. And then, like, so if you do run PMPM test there, so it's now going to go through and rank normal tests. Yes, look, oh yes, this is like, you see what it's doing there. So it's going through and right, and so and so what? It's what wait. So what's going on here is it is now waiting for something to change. So let's just do what you said a minute ago. All right, let's go into our source thing. Let's find a string similarity test. Oh, sorry, not string similarity. What we're going to do here is we are just gonna go, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, so I'm going to inverse it. Okay, so I just a multiplied by minus one. Yeah, save that file. Look what's gonna do. Oh, right. So what's happened? Right? So it's picked up some of your errors. So let's go and have a look. See some. I can't find the should have a thing in there anyway, don't worry. So there's also, so you've got this in here is you can explore it in the terminal. So, so there you go. Look. So expected to be greater than what, but what was? It tells you what the failure was. So this failure here, so we expected it to be greater than 0.5 but it wasn't right. So that was, there was a problem. There wasn't there? Yeah, there's another test now that form that you messed up, and this is not so I changed the function here, so I expected this to be. So expected the answer was no, minus nought point eight. I expected it's greater than 0.5 it wasn't. It wasn't five. It wasn't. It was less. I've made this to let's try again now, so I'm gonna come out of this now and then hit save. What do you think's gonna happen? It's gonna rerun the tests. Okay, so we've got, now, we've got, you know, we've got 56 tests passed again. So we're all good. We're all ready to go, yes, which we've got for now, built you a test suite of 56 tests. You miss, whatever it's like, you know, it depends how complicated project is and so on. So it's all fine. You just keep going like that, and off you go, right? So now you're just gonna you're gonna go and push to this is about to go to 30 minutes. You're just gonna go and push your changes. And we're gonna end the lesson today. We're.